applications: nrf_desktop: Use smaller write buffer size for RRAM (#16473)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

* Added a debug configuration enabling the `Fast Pair`_ feature on the nRF54L15 PDK with the ``nrf54l15pdk/nrf54l15/cpuapp`` board target.

* Updated:

  * The :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_ADV_PROV_TX_POWER_CORRECTION_VAL` Kconfig option value in configurations with the Fast Pair support.
    The value is now aligned with the Fast Pair requirements.

>   * The :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_RRAM_WRITE_BUFFER_SIZE` Kconfig option value in nRF54L15 PDK configurations.
>     This was done to ensure short write slots.
>     Trying to allocate long write slots while maintaining a BLE connection with short interval and no connection latency may lead to timeouts in MPSL flash synchronization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * The :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_RRAM_WRITE_BUFFER_SIZE` Kconfig option value in the nRF54L15 PDK configurations to ensure short write slots.
    It prevents timeouts in the MPSL flash synchronization caused by allocating long write slots while maintaining a Bluetooth LE connection with short intervals and no connection latency.
```
